20240304 https://bytedance.sg.larkoffice.com/docx/WpqadgOU5oLTW1x8xWQckupKn8e


STORE INFORMATION: MUST BE 100% ACCURATE
1. Shop Name 
2. Provinces/Cities in China where your org operates | Shenzen, Guangdong 
3. Feishu QR Code | Picture of your or your Manager's Feishu QR Code (merchants not on Feishu must download the Feishu app to get a unique code)
4. TTS Main Categories
5. Seller ID of the comapny's US Amazon store | example: (AXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)
6. URL of that same Amazon Store
7. Email used to register with TTS | It's reccomended to use a GMail or Outlook address
8. Full Business License | Can be bound to Amazon liscense or seperate
9. Company unified social credit code
10. Picture of the company's business license 

MANDATORY ATTACHED SCREENSHOT INFORMATION | SCREENSHOTS MUST BE CLEAR AND COMPLETE
1. Screenshot of the Amazon registrationn subject | must include:
  a. Screenshot of the full screen, including system date/time, and link URL
  b. The Chinese and Amazon business license must be consistent
  c. Seller info and address information must be accurate
  d. The shop's positive rating in the past 12 months must be ≥95%
2. Screenshot of the US Amazon shop's transaction volume for the past 12 months
  a. Screenshot of the full screenl, including system date/time, and link URL. Do not mosaic
  b. The GMV for a single US store for that 12 month period must be ≥$2 million USD
  c. Screenshot should be taken on the same day shop submits this form
3. Screenshot of Account Health page for Amazon US site 
  a. Screenshot of the full screen, including system date/time, and link URL
  b. The seller's name must be cut off
4. Amazon warehouse inventory screenshot
  a. Screenshot of the full screen, including system date/time, and link URL
  b. The seller's name must be cut off
  c. Click the mouse on existing/on-hand to display the number of existing products
5. Amazon seller account info
  a. Screenshot of the full screen, including system date/time, and link URL
  b. The seller's name must be cut off
6. Amazon business license
    a. Screenshot of the full screen, including system date/time, and link URL
    b. The seller's name, legal name, and business entity must be the same as that of thesubject information and business license
